Update links to Umbraco documentation (#7774)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 17/umbraco-forms/developer/extending/adding-a-fieldtype.md

This will add a package to your devDependencies containing the TypeScript definitions for Umbraco Forms.

> To display a name and description on a custom field, you need to register a JavaScript file as shown in the [Localization](https://docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-cms/tutorials/creating-your-first-extension) article.

Reviewer: Shouldn't this link to the Localization article instead of a tutorial?

```suggestion
To display a name and description on a custom field, you need to register a JavaScript file as shown in the [Localization](https://docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-cms/customizing/foundation/localization) article.
```
